Use 'HttpMessageHandler' instead of 'HttpClientHandler' to support NSUrlSessionHandler on iOS (#2503)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed baggage propagation when an exception is thrown from middleware ([#2487](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2487))
- Fix Durable Functions preventing orchestrators from completing ([#2491](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2491))
- Re-enable HubTests.FlushOnDispose_SendsEnvelope ([#2492](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2492))

> - Fixes #2502 SentryOptions should use 'HttpMessageHandler' instead of 'HttpClientHandler' to support NSUrlSessionHandler on iOS  ([#2503](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2503))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `HttpMessageHandler` in favor of the now deprecated `HttpClientHandler` on the options. This allows the SDK to support NSUrlSessionHandler on iOS ([#2503](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2503))
```
